Add further prior work (#200)
ossf/malicious-packages: README.md

### Prior Work

- GitHub's [Advisory Database (filtered by malware)](https://github.com/advisories?query=type%3Amalware), for the NPM ecosystem.
- https://github.com/lxyeternal/pypi_malregistry (PyPI)

> - https://github.com/cybertier/Backstabbers-Knife-Collection (PyPI and npm), by Marc Ohm et al.

Reviewer: While this link is referenced in papers, it currently 404s - is there a better link to use here?

> - https://github.com/cybertier/Backstabbers-Knife-Collection (PyPI and npm), by Marc Ohm et al.

Author: ```suggestion
- https://dasfreak.github.io/Backstabbers-Knife-Collection/ (PyPI and npm), by Marc Ohm et al.
```
